Abe's stories are appropriate, fitting, reasonable and useful.
They are appropriate for the assignment, realistic and logically proportioned in difficulty
The icebox is not empty, there are at least three iterations and eight stories.
Everything is logical and seems to fit the assignment and be appropriate for the project.
I don't see any big changes that should be made, or any small ones either.
I saw realistic and effective looking diagrams yesterday, but none today so he must be working on them.

For the ER diagram, I think there are a couple issues, or maybe one big one, in that, both issues I list 
  come down to adding intermediary tables in order to make sure not to duplicate entries:

I don't think you should repeat the class entries per student, instead an enrollment-student-has-class 
  table would allow one student entry and one class entry and many correspondance connections. Otherwise everytime
  you add a student, you'd have to duplicate the class info - duplicated entries won't work. The gradebook table
  nearly serves this purpose but with that in mind I think the connection should be reversed, many gradebooks per
  class and the direct student-class connection severed.
  
  Same with per instructor, without an intermediary table you'd need a new class entry per instructor which quickly
   leads to duplicate data. Instead an intermediary table allows one instructor entry and one class entry
   and multiple connections. One way to make the intermediary table is with the many-to-many connector in Workbench.
   The intermediary instructor-class table could be called something like instructor-teaches-class and could allow
   multiple instructors to teach a class and multiple classes to be taught by an instructor.
  
  Two more ideas are:
  
  Each class could have multiple assignments and an intermediary student-has-assignment can hold assignment grades
    while the enrollment table enrollment-student-has-class can hold class grades.
  
  You can unify login by tying each user class (student, instructor, admin) to an underlying user table to hold the id,
    password, name, anything every type of user has.
